Source: Rate My Professors - Samar Mukhopadhyay, Business Management, UWM
URL: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/2467112

---

Review 1:
Samar is by far and away the worst professor I have ever had in my time at UWM. Lectures are all over the place, concepts are not explained — we are simply told of them and expected to fill in the blanks.

Review 2:
The worst professor I've had in all my years at UWM. He is not receptive to emails when you need assistance and sometimes takes days to answer. The entire class is dependent upon just eight grades, and exams make up 50% of that. Make sure you do your best on each assignment if you want to pass. If there are any other options for BUS576, take them.

Review 3:
I would not recommend taking this course. There were a total of 8 grades entered throughout the whole semester. Since the 3 homework assignments were barely worth any points, your whole grade relies on 2 exams, 2 quizzes, and one paper. The professor did not curve any quizzes and had no communication with the class throughout the semester.

Review 4:
Confused about all the negative reviews. I took him for 711 (online summer) — SO EASY. Don't buy the book, you won't use it. 2 HW, 4 quizzes, 1 exam. Got a 100% on everything just using the chapter notes and PowerPoints.

Review 5:
Little confused by the previous negative reviews — maybe this prof has improved since then. His online BusMgmt 711 course was very easy: 4 quizzes, 2 HW, and 2 exams — all open note and open book. I will be taking another course of his as this one was so easy. I only wish he published everything at once so I could finish the class in a day!

Review 6:
This guy should be serving burgers instead of attempting to teach. The content of his provided notes do NOT match up with the quizzes, exams or homework in the slightest bit. VERY CONFUSING.

Summary: Very polarized reviews. Online/summer sections are considered easy and open-note. In-person sections are notorious for poor communication, sparse grading, and a grade that almost entirely depends on a few high-stakes assessments.