Source: Rate My Professors - Dexuan Xie, Mathematics, UWM
URL: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/533912

---

Review 1:
Very nice guy, but the accent makes him very hard to understand. He has a great knowledge of math but asking him questions is very difficult because he doesn't understand what you're asking him, which makes math an even harder concept. I'd recommend taking a different teacher for this course.

Review 2:
If you do the homework and use online solutions you are set for a good grade. Quizzes and exams come directly from homework problems (both odd and even). He let us have a makeup quiz to drop our lowest quiz score.

Review 3:
Very boring lectures straight out of the book. Hard to understand his heavy accent even throughout the semester. Would recommend a different professor for this class.

Review 4:
He is the best math professor I have had. He clearly is very knowledgeable of the subject; although, at times he attempts to oversimplify concepts to the point it becomes confusing.

Review 5:
The professor is exceptionally kind, but you won't learn much through lecture and will have to utilize other ways of teaching yourself such as YouTube or tutoring. Quizzes are directly from homework. If you pay attention in lecture, he will give you an overview of what will be covered in exams. Final is 40% of your grade. Do the homework.

Review 6:
His accent is hard to understand at first but you get used to it. He wrote every single note he wanted us to take on the chalkboard during lecture which was helpful. Two midterm exams were worth 20% each, and the final is 40%. Lectures were boring but he gave us a break period. He was very nice, but was not the best at answering questions.

Summary: Mixed reviews. Quizzes and exams are directly pulled from homework — do all homework problems. Grade breakdown: 2 midterms at 20% each, final at 40%. Heavy accent is a consistent complaint. Kind but difficult to learn from in lecture; supplement with YouTube or tutoring. The final weighing 40% is a major risk factor.